;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: test/old-spec/proposals/memory64/table_copy.wast
;;; ARGS*: --enable-memory64
(;; STDOUT ;;;
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:46: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:47: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:52: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:53: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:54: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:55: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:56: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:57: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:63: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:64: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:65: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:66: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:67: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:68: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:69: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:70: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:71: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:72: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:73: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:74: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:75: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:76: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:77: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:78: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:83: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:84: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:85: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:86: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:92: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:93: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:94: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:95: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:96: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:97: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:98: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:99: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:100: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:101: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:102: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:103: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:104: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:105: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:138: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:139: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:144: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:145: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:146: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:147: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:148: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:149: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:155: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:156: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:157: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:158: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:159: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:160: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:161: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:162: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:163: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:164: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:165: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:166: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:167: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:168: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:169: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:170: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:175: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:176: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:177: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:178: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:184: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:185: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:186: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:187: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:188: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:189: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:190: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:191: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:192: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:193: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:194: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:195: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:196: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:197: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:230: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:231: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:236: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:237: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:238: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:239: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:240: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:241: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:247: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:248: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:249: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:250: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:251: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:252: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:253: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:254: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:257: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:258: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:259: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:260: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:261: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:262: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:267: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:268: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:269: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:270: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:276: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:277: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:278: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:279: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:280: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:281: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:282: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:283: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:284: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:285: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:286: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:287: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:288: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:289: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:322: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:323: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:328: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:329: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:330: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:331: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:332: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:333: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:335: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:336: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:337: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:339: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:340: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:341: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:342: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:343: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:344: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:345: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:346: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:347: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:348: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:349: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:350: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:351: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:352: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:353: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:354: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:359: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:360: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:361: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:362: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:368: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:369: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:370: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:371: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:372: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:373: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:374: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:375: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:376: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:377: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:378: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:379: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:380: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:381: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:414: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:415: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:420: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:421: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:422: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:423: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:424: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:425: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:431: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:432: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:433: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:434: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:435: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:436: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:437: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:438: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:439: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:440: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:441: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:442: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:443: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:444: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:445: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:446: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:451: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:452: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:453: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:454: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:460: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:461: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:462: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:463: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:464: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:465: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:466: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:467: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:468: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:469: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:470: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:471: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:472: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:473: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:506: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:507: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:512: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:513: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:514: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:515: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:516: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:517: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:523: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:524: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:525: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:526: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:527: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:528: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:529: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:530: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:531: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:534: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:535: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:536: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:537: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:538: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:543: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:544: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:545: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:546: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:552: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:553: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:554: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:555: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:556: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:557: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:558: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:559: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:560: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:561: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:562: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:563: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:564: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:565: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:598: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:599: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:604: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:605: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:606: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:607: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:613: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:614: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:615: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:616: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:617: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:618: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:619: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:620: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:621: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:622: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:623: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:624: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:625: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:626: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:627: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:628: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:629: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:630: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:635: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:636: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:637: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:638: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:644: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:645: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:646: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:647: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:648: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:649: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:650: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:651: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:652: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:653: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:654: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:655: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:656: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:657: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:690: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:691: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:696: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:697: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:698: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:699: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:700: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:701: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:702: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:703: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:709: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:710: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:711: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:712: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:713: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:714: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:715: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:716: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:717: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:718: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:719: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:720: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:721: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:722: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:727: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:728: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:729: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:730: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:736: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:737: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:738: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:739: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:740: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:741: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:742: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:743: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:744: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:745: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:746: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:747: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:748: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:749: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:782: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:783: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:788: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:789: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:790: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:791: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:792: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:793: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:799: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:800: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:801: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:802: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:803: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:804: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:805: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:806: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:807: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:808: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:809: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:810: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:811: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:812: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:813: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:814: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:819: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:820: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:821: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:822: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:823: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:828: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:829: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:830: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:831: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:832: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:833: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:839: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:840: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:841: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:874: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:875: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:880: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:881: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:882: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:883: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:884: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:885: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:891: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:892: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:893: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:894: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:895: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:896: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:897: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:898: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:899: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:900: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:901: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:902: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:903: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:904: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:905: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:906: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:911: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:912: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:913: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:914: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:920: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:921: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:922: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:923: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:924: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:925: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:926: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:927: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:928: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:929: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:930: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:931: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:932: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:933: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:966: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:967: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:972: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:973: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:974: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:975: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:976: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:977: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:983: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:984: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:985: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:986: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:987: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:988: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:989: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:990: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:991: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:992: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:993: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:994: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:995: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:996: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:997: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:998: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1003: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1004: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1005: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1006: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1012: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1013: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1014: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1015: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1016: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1017: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1018: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1019: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1020: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1021: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1022: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1023: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1024: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1025: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1058: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1059: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1064: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1065: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1066: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1067: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1068: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1069: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1075: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1076: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1077: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1078: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1079: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1080: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1081: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1082: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1085: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1086: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1087: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1088: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1089: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1090: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1095: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1096: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1097: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1098: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1104: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1105: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1106: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1107: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1108: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1109: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1110: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1111: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1112: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1113: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1114: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1115: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1116: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1117: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1150: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1151: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1156: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1157: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1158: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1159: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1160: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1161: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1163: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1164: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1165: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1167: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1168: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1169: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1170: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1171: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1172: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1173: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1174: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1175: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1176: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1177: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1178: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1179: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1180: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1181: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1182: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1187: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1188: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1189: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1190: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1196: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1197: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1198: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1199: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1200: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1201: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1202: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1203: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1204: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1205: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1206: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1207: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1208: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1209: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1242: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1243: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1248: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1249: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1250: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1251: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1252: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1253: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1259: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1260: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1261: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1262: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1263: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1264: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1265: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1266: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1267: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1268: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1269: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1270: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1271: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1272: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1273: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1274: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1279: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1280: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1281: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1282: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1288: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1289: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1290: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1291: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1292: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1293: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1294: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1295: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1296: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1297: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1298: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1299: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1300: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1301: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1334: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1335: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1340: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1341: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1342: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1343: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1344: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1345: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1351: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1352: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1353: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1354: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1355: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1356: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1357: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1358: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1359: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1362: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1363: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1364: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1365: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1366: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1371: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1372: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1373: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1374: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1380: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1381: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1382: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1383: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1384: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1385: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1386: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1387: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1388: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1389: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1390: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1391: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1392: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1393: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1426: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1427: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1432: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1433: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1434: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1435: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1441: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1442: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1443: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1444: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1445: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1446: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1447: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1448: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1449: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1450: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1451: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1452: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1453: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1454: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1455: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1456: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1457: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1458: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1463: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1464: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1465: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1466: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1472: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1473: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1474: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1475: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1476: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1477: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1478: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1479: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1480: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1481: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1482: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1483: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1484: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1485: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1518: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1519: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1524: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1525: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1526: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1527: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1528: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1529: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1530: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1531: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1537: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1538: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1539: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1540: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1541: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1542: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1543: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1544: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1545: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1546: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1547: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1548: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1549: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1550: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1555: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1556: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1557: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1558: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1564: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1565: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1566: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1567: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1568: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1569: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1570: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1571: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1572: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1573: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1574: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1575: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1576: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1577: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1610: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1611: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1616: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1617: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1618: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1619: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1620: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1621: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1627: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1628: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1629: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1630: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1631: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1632: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1633: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1634: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1635: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1636: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1637: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1638: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1639: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1640: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1641: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1642: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1647: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1648: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1649: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1650: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1651: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1656: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1657: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1658: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1659: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1660: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1661: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1667: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1668: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1669: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1694: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1719: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1744: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1769: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1844: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1894: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1944: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1969: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:1994: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2019: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2044: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2119: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2169: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2219: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2244: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2269: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2294: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2319: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2394: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2444: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2494: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2519: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2544: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2569: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2594: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2669: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2719: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2769: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2797: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2807: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2808: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2809: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2810: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2811: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2812: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2813: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2814: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2815: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2816: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2817: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2818: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2819: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2820: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2821: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2822: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2823: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2824: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2825: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2826: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2827: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2828: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2829: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2830: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2858: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2869: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2870: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2871: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2872: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2873: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2874: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2875: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2876: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2877: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2878: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2879: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2880: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2881: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2882: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2883: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2884: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2885: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2886: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2887: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2888: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2889: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2890: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2891: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2919: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2921: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2922: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2923: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2924: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2925: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2926: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2927: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2928: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2929: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2930: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2931: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2932: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2933: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2934: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2935: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2936: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2937: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2938: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2939: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2940: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2941: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2942: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2943: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2944: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2980: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2982: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2983: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2984: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2985: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2986: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2987: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2988: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2989: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2990: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2991: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2992: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2993: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2994: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2995: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2996: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2997: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2998: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:2999: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3000: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3001: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3002: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3003: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3004: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3041: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3043: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3044: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3045: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3046: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3047: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3048: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3049: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3050: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3051: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3052: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3053: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3062: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3063: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3064: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3065: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3066: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3067: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3068: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3069: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3070: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3071: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3072: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3073: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3074: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3102: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3104: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3105: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3106: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3107: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3108: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3109: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3110: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3111: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3112: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3113: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3114: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3115: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3116: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3117: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3118: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3119: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3120: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3121: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3122: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3123: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3124: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3125: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3126: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3127: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3163: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3165: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3166: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3167: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3168: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3169: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3170: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3171: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3172: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3173: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3174: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3175: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3176: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3177: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3178: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3179: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3180: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3181: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3182: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3183: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3184: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3185: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3194: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3195: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3196: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3224: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3226: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3227: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3228: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3229: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3230: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3231: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3232: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3233: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3234: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3235: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3236: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3237: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3238: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3239: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3240: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3241: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3242: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3243: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3244: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3245: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3246: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3247: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3248: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3249: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3285: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3287: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3288: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3289: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3290: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3291: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3292: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3293: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3294: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3295: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3296: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3297: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3298: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3299: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3300: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3301: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3302: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3303: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3304: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3305: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3306: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3307: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3346: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3348: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3349: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3350: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3351: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3352: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3353: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3354: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3355: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3356: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3357: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3358: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3359: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3360: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3361: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3362: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3363: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3364: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3365: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3366: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3367: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3368: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3369: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3370: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3371: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3372: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3373: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3374: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3375: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3376: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3377: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3378: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3379: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3380: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3381: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3382: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3383: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3384: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3385: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3386: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3387: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3388: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3389: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3390: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3391: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3392: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3393: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3394: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3395: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3396: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3397: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3398: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3399: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3400: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3401: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3402: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3403: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3404: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3405: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3406: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3407: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3408: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3409: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3410: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3411: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3412: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3413: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3414: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3415: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3416: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3417: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3418: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3419: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3420: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3421: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3422: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3423: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3424: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3425: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3426: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3427: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3428: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3429: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3430: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3431: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3432: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3433: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3434: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3435: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3436: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3437: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3438: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3439: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3440: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3441: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3442: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3443: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3444: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3445: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3446: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3447: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3448: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3449: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3450: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3451: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3452: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3453: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3454: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3455: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3456: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3457: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3458: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3459: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3503: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3521: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3522: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3523: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3524: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3525: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3526: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3527: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3528: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3529: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3530: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3531: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3532: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3533: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3534: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3535: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3536: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3537: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3538: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3539: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3540: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3541: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3542: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3543: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3544: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3545: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3546: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3547: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3548: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3549: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3550: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3551: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3552: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3553: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3554: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3555: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3556: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3557: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3558: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3559: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3560: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3561: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3562: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3563: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3564: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3565: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3566: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3567: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3568: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3569: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3570: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3571: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3572: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3573: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3574: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3575: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3576: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3577: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3578: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3579: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3580: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3581: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3582: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3583: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3584: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3585: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3586: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3587: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3588: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3589: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3590: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3591: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3592: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3593: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3594: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3595: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3596: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3597: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3598: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3599: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3600: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3601: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3602: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3603: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3604: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3605: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3606: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3607: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3608: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3609: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3610: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3611: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3612: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3613: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3614: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3615: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3616: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3617: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3618: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3619: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3620: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3621: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3622: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3623: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3624: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3625: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3626: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3627: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3628: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3629: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3630: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3631: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/memory64/table_copy.wast:3632: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
1771/1771 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
